{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?\
\
git init creates a git repository in local machine. With no commits.\
Need it created before we can actually upload in git.\
\
\
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?\
\
Staging area is where GIT keeps all documents ready to be committed. It gives us more control on what we want to commit.\
\
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?\
\
Add specific files using git add and then commit those in 1 logical change.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?\
\
Branch is needed when we plan to try something different, new without impacting the existing production ready code.\
\
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?\
Diagrams help us track every branch all the way back to its 1st commit. Helps us know exactly what work was done in each branch and when.\
\
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?\
Merge merges 2 branches together. i.e. child branch into master. Sustains all the changes made in both. Representation of diagram helps relate each commit to its branch.\
\
What are the pros and cons of Git\'92s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?\
Pros - its quick, removes a lot of manual work\
Con - May need detailed look for conflicts.\
\
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?\
To share the code with others, keep a collaborate-able copy of my code.}